1Home	/	gopher.johanbove.info	70
1Notes	/notes	gopher.johanbove.info	70

# Saturday, May 23th, 2020 

## Stuff

I've installed Beaker Browser v1 beta 2 and have been working on my
hyperdrives. My Profile identity is:

<hyper://86fcdeb5ebb4a720f4e5b66fbab67a8051ddf09659cd2622cdeb0de8c4d41267>

I've copied most of the files from the Gopherhole, except for the
notes section to the HyperDrive. It's a really cool peer-to-peer
system, like Scuttlebutt, but without the _gossiping_ protocol.
Your peers need to explicitly access your files for them to be
"hosted" on their machines. And the whole platform shifted network
protocols. From `dat://` to `hyper://` - it is possible for dat sites
to be migrated to hyper, but there was a bug on Windows with that
tool. That being said, there are still a lot of bugs in the software.
And the support on Windows is limited as we cannot _watch_ a folder
to host from yet.

## Family #

We're still all at home, and are enjoying the time we get to spent
together as a family, but we are honestly looking forward to June
8th. On this day the Kitas in NRW should reopen for all kids again.
It will be so good for N. to be able to play with other children
again. I'm really worried how he'll come with the change in
environments again and the interaction with other kids. He's also
been watching a lot of videos lately so he'll really need to get some
assistance and a lot of distraction to get him back in the "no
watching TV during the Day" normal ways.

---

# Thursday, May 7th, 2020 #

## Family #

We're still all at home as the Corona measures have not been loosened
up yet. So the babysit is really good for N. Too bad she cannot stay
longer than a couple of hours a day. At least he's getting to hear some
native German and we have a moment in the day when we can almost
fully concentrate on getting work done.

E. has been working really hard, both for her day job and her extra
activities regarding the Childhood Cancer Awareness programs. She
even skipped a night's sleep to get presentations done. It's hard on
her that most of her colleagues are in the US and this means
basically working double-shifts.

B&M in Italy can now leave their house and they are going for daily
walks in their neighbourhood.

I'm missing being able to meet up with friends. I would love to
organize a barbeque! It's funny because before all of this, I wasn't
actually really "social" to begin with. But after two months of
almost complete isolation I am ready to see friends again.

## Stuff

Got a couple more MiniDiscs, more Sony Neige, from a seller on Ebay.
Also awaiting the electrec microphone. So I should be able to start
recording some voice notes. Also want to try capturing N.'s little
voice and cute wordsies he's been so keen of using lately.

The discs arrived today and they contain lovely classical music
again.

Also started two Ebay sales for two devices which have been lying
around the house for years but we hadn't even gotten out of the
packages. First time for me trying to sell something in an online
auction. So far there hasn't been a single bid. Guess it is a matter
of patience and perhaps I will try again then after the auctions end.

Haven't really been active on Scuttlebutt or anywhere else much.
Except for the Reddit Minidisc community. 

Posted something on my Twitter feed again yesterday, related to
Minidisc; posted it from my "social"[1] site.

h[1] https://social.johanbove.info	/URL:https://social.johanbove.info

## Work

Missing being at the office and being part of a real team. Doing
everything "virtually" is not replacing the actual social and human
sentiment for me.

It's nice to be with the family, but it's also difficult to
concentrate still. And it is definitely not good that my son spends a
large part of his day watching Youtube Kids videos.

Working with plain vanilla JavaScript since a couple of days. No
frameworks, just the "Revealing Module Pattern" and lots of
functions. The Webpack build script does to optimizations and we can
also use SCSS (Sassy CSS). Testing a log in form with two-faktor
authentication in a sandbox takes time however.

---

# Friday, May 1st, 2020

Happy Labor Day! A new month comes by and a new entry in my Phlog.

## Stuff

Rediscovered my old "DJ Odie" DJ mixes from 2003-2005; I had some
brilliant moments for sure, if I may say so myself. Beat-mixing was
something I had a real good feeling for.

I do wish I was able to redo some of he mixes today with some
other songs; feeling my music taste has matured a bit in the last 17
years. I did already forgot a lot of tracks and I wouldn't
knknow where to look for the songs honestly as everything is
now stored in MP3 files organized somewhat in folders.
Most of the music from those days I hardly ever listen to any more.

I never prepared anything, except for maybe the first couple
of tracks. Wondering how I would have ended up if I had done a more
focussed approach to DJing at the time. I did mess up mixes some
times because I wanted to make the cross last as long as possible.

Some songs also didn't age that well.

## Family #

We're doing good even-though still holding up at home with the three
of us. I'm N.'s best friend and also his Dad. It's not easy to make a
clear distinction between my two roles. Especially if he expects us
to act and do differently than what he wants at that exact moment.

He's been eating more and is clearly growing taller. He's gaining new
ways of communicating with us every day and week.

We're sad that we're so far away from our families, but still
WhatsApp and sharing pictures helps.

---

EOF.
