1Home	/	gopher.johanbove.info	70
1Notes	/notes	gopher.johanbove.info	70

# November 1st, 2019 ################################################

## Family ###########################################################

Visited the AquaZoo in D端sseldorf since today is a national day off
and the weather is really drap and rainy. It looked like half of the
parents in D端sseldorf had had the same idea. The aquariums were
crowded and Nathan is just a little too short to be able to stand on
the ledger to see into the displays. We made the best of it, by
avoiding the main attractions and starting from the upper floors. I
like to think he did enjoy the visit in the end. We took the tram and
he already finds that exciting. On the way back, we had Japanese
lunch at the Eat Tokyo place. We all really liked it. Nathan had a
good apetite! I enjoyed the curry. Portions and prices are reasonable
and the staff friendly. Only problem is that it can be crowded and
the bathrooms are only reachable through a spiral stair case.

Erica and I talked about how another Science museum in the center of
D端sseldorf would really be great for the tourism in the city. There
is simply nothing to do in the centre on days like today. 

While Nathan was napping I migrated my old work phone, a three year
old iPhone 7, to the new iPhone XR work issued me. The battery on the
7 is no longer reliable unfortunately for an otherwise still
performant phone. The transfer of the data and the apps went
reasonably well, even the 2FA setup transfer worked, after briefly
syncing it all with iCloud. I had copied all the data from the old
phone to the most recent backup and that made the process pretty
straightforward after I had upgraded the software on the XR to the
latest IOS.

Had some fun with the real-time animated Animoji and the FaceID is
cool, although nothing new since Windows Phone already had some years
ago. It does help to finally have it on the iPhone too. I really
dislike entering passwords. SSH keys and Yubikey's are other
solutions, but biometric authentication like only looking a special
camera is in fact probably the lowest possible secure unlocking
mechanism I can think off.

The hardware of the XR is really slick, but it feels much lumpier and
heavier in my hands than the 7 and I will, in no way, be able to
securily fit it to my bicycle. The 7 was already a little tight.

And then for some reason OneDrive decided to upload ALL the pictures
and videos on the new phone as new images. It's kinda messed up now
on the OneDrive app itself where the pictures all got new "created
at" date stamps. It does seem however that online, and within the iOS
Photo app, all existing pictures still have the correct meta data.

A new month has started so it's time for the monthly Bullet Journal
routing of setting up a new month, migrating existing open tasks and
updating the future log.

Tomorrow we're going to donate some blood at the UniKlinik in
D端sseldorf.

Next week we're going to help out A. moving house and painting.

---
