# Journal 2019-10-29

Had a terrible thought earlier in bed that I wanted to end my life.
Not sure where these dark thoughts are coming from as I have
wonderful son and my life is good. Perhaps it's related to my 40th
birthday coming up soon...

I'm getting into that "damn, what did I achieve with my life until
now that actually matters", crisis thinking. I'm not a prolific
writer, nor a successful publisher and being a web developer, the
months of work I spend on projects is doomed to not last very long as
software and especially web development moves at lightning speed.

So as I stated in my notes from earlier, I had a really bad night
couldn't catch any Zzzs. And now it's 05:20 and I have been looking
at how to optimally configure Vim using the ~/.vimrc file to do
automatic paragraph formatting - just to get distracted from the
gloomy thoughts. I think the settings are good and the paragraphs are
coming out neatly. See "Automatic formatting of paragraphs" [1]

I found an article on WikiHow [2] about what to do when one gets
these depressed ideas and writing it-all-out should help; and it
seems to be working. So don't worry! I'll be fine! I guess I caught
some virus (stomach) and it messed up my sleep. Should be better in
48 hours.

I'm not following my unkle's path where he got himself in so much
personal pain and suffering in his relationship that he decided to
hang himself, even when he left three daughters behind and a young
wife. This happened many years ago and my while it was a terrible
tragedy, my family eventually recovered and went on with their lives.
My mom lost both her brothers, her younger brother to suicide and her
elder brother to an agressive long cancer. It must have been really
terrible for my late grandmother who I most dearily miss. My mom and
nieces are happy now and are leading good lives.

I have some memories from both of my unkles - but I must admit it's
getting all a little vague. I think my brain is - happily - filling
itself with wonderful memories of my son N. who means everything to
me. Even-though he can be really stubborn and doesn't sleep to
steadily, he's amazing, clever, funny and sweet.

My marriage with E., who I love dearly, has gone through tough times
because of stressful situations with our home. But we're still
together and she loves me too. Our son is an important factor for our
commitment towards our family. It's been a couple of weeks now since
we're on our own again, after E.'s parents went back to Italy and
it's hard to get everything done. Keeping the house tidy, doing
laundry, making sure N. eats healthy and doesn't watch too much TV,
attending KITA events, and all of that while having full-time jobs
and having to communite an hour every day does tend to put a lot of
purden on both our shoulders.

Somehow we're managing and I think N. is happy too. I really want to
see what he's going to be and how he's going to lead his live.

Live is too precious and I want to still make a difference with mine.


## Links

[1] https://vim.fandom.com/wiki/Automatic_formatting_of_paragraphs
[2] https://duckduckgo.com/?q=wikihow+selbstmord


EOF
