1Home	/	gopher.johanbove.info	70
1Notes	/notes	gopher.johanbove.info	70

# Saturday, April 11th, 2020 ########################################

## Family ###########################################################

We're getting by during the Corona Crisis with lots of video calls
with our family in Italy. Wondering how this decease breakout would
have been if we did not have access to Internet and our modern
communication tools. We're using WhatsApp a lot for video calling and
sharing videos and pictures. Every time we do a video call it reminds
me of the futuristic video calling which looked super realistic in
Aliens.

We are considering looking for house-hold help however if this crisis
doesn't settle and N. cannot go to the KITA for ongoing time. It
would really be difficult for us to keep working and taking care of
him in a decent way at the same time. He would be simply watching too
much videos and TV... 

My mom is retiring on December 1st. She's needs a hip replacement
operation, now on the other side. Luckily she is still capable of
riding an electric bicycle which she often uses now to visit my
sister and her kids some kilometers away.

## Reading ##########################################################

"Anarchism: a very short introduction" by Colin Ward.

## Stuff ############################################################

Rediscovering my own music collection worth about 30000 tracks -
there are some songs double or even triple times. Keeping it
organized using Media Monkey. It is a very complete and powerful
music cataloguing application which I purschased a "life-time"
license for some years ago. It can be used to stream and sync the
music collection using automatic and manual playlists.

Thinking about how I will use the MiniDiscs recorder. As I wrote
before (perhaps only my BuJo), I would like to preserve some audio
recording on MiniDisc discs just in case all my hard-drives are lost
or inaccessible. The encryption and the dependency on Windows 10
worries me that N. would someday not be able to access anything
anymore I left behind. Worrying about my "digital inheritance" to
him and having access to the physical discs might help to keep at
least something. Perhaps I should keep some data on unencrypted,
simple formatted USB drives, and keep them in the safe for him?

---

# Monday, April 6th, 2020 ###########################################

Ahoi! Here's to time flying by like py in the sky. _Tempus Fugit_

## Family ###########################################################

The Corona-virus measures are still in place.

It's been six weeks now that I'm in forced home-office. Time is
moving along slowly and in some ways we are finding that we are some
what getting into it.  Even when we definitely have our struggles
being basically only with the three of us in close contact, we're
still super close to one another. N. is growing up and talking more
and more and becoming a real person. We love him dearly, even when he
has no interest what-so-ever in eating, except for chocolate. He
surely loves it. He still has his bottle of formula every morning so
we hope that he is getting some required vitamins and other
nutrients, but dinner time and lunch time are not always _fun_ times.
He gets bored by just eating we think. He has been watching a LOT of
TV lately.  It's unfortunately the only way we can get him to spend
some time on his own where we can get our daily work-hours in. We
even ordered him his first tablet now, which hopefully won't arrive
too late. He is very clever and can loves listing the all the letters
of the English alphabet. The other day I "caught" him in his little
bed counting and by himself he counted up to twelve. He is almost 2,5
years old now.  We're so proud!

## Stuff ############################################################

I have won an auction on Ebay, buying an almost 20-year old Sony
MZ-R500 MiniDisc player / recorder after being reminded how cool
MiniDiscs really were and how futuristic these digital devices still
are. I used to own one, but the loading mechanism broke, and I threw
it out in the recycling center. But thanks to a post on Scuttlebutt
about "International MiniDisc" day, I learned that there is still a
community out there into listening to digital audio cassettes and
recording the old-school way by simply line-in recording.

So I'm planning to move some music from my Laptop's Media Monkey
collection from time to time. Unfortunately I also tossed out all my
old minidiscs!  Which was a really stupid thing to do... Anyhow, at
the time it never crossed my mind to actually try to sell the discs
on the Internet.

I downloaded Zip archives of WikiPedia and other huge data archives
and stored them on my hard-drive, just so, you know, in case the shit
hits the fan and society disappears, N. could still look up something
and learn while even being offline. He'll need a Windows machine of
course to be able to read and decrypt the data; but I will figure
this out soon enough. Perhaps I should create new unencrypted hard-
drive partition for exactly this purpose?

## Reading ##########################################################

"The Ascent of Man" by Jacob Bronowski

I also bought this super cool documentory on DVD.

---

EOF.
