# Bullet Journal 

  Sharing the getting-started document for the Bullet Journal system
  as a fan and a happy supported of the system. The text below is a
  mirror of the content found on the Bullet Journal website.

  Source & Copyright: <https://bulletjournal.com>

## Who

Bullet Journal® (or BuJo® for short) was created by Ryder Carroll, an
digital product designer and author living in Brooklyn, NY. Diagnosed
with learning disabilities early in life, he was forced to figure out
alternate ways to be focused and productive. Through years of trial
and error, he developed a methodology that went far beyond simple
organization.

He published his method in 2013 and since then it took over the World.

## What

Though it does require a journal, Bullet Journal® is a methodology.
It's best described as a mindfulness practice disguised as a
productivity system. It's designed to help you organize your what
while you remain mindful of your why. The goal of the Bullet Journal
is to help its practitioners (Bullet Journalists) live intentional
lives, ones that are both productive and meaningful.

## Learn - The System

### Rapid Logging 

Be it for taking notes or journaling, studies keep identifying
benefits of writing by hand. That said, it takes time and can be
unorganized. How can we enjoy the benefits while avoiding the
shortcomings of hand writing?

Rapid Logging.

Rapid Logging is the language in which the Bullet Journal is written.
In short, it’s a way of capturing information as bulleted lists.

Let's start with the basics.

### Bullets

If Rapid Logging is the language the BuJo is written in, Bullets are
the syntax. Bullets are short-form sentences paired with symbols that
visually categorize your entries into: Tasks, Events, or Notes. Let's
break it down...

### Tasks

Task •

Tasks are represented by a simple dot “•”. We use a dot instead of a
checkbox because it's fast, clean, and can easily be transformed to
reflect the state of the Task.

Tasks can have one of five states:

1. • = Task incomplete
2. X = crossed through = Task complete
3. > = crossed with open arrow pointing to the right = Task Migrated
   to collection
4. < = crossed with open arrow pointing to the left = Task Scheduled
   in Future Log
5. - = strike-through = Task irrelevant

### Bullet Journal Events

Event O

Events are represented by the open circle “O” Bullet. Events are
date-related entries that can either be scheduled (e.g. “Charlie’s
birthday”) or logged after they occur (e.g. “signed the lease”).

Our experiences can be complicated and distracting. Rather than
trying to capture the way you feel in the moment, keep your Event
entries short and objective. It will increase the odds of us writing
them down. The important thing is to have a record of your experience
so that you can learn from it.

### Bullet Journal Notes

Note –

Notes are represented with a dash “–”. Notes include: facts, ideas,
thoughts, and observations. They're used to capture information or
data you don't want to forget. This Bullet works well for meeting,
lecture, or classroom notes.

### Bullet Journal Mixing Bullets

Mix and Match

Tasks, Events, and Notes will help you quickly capture your thoughts
as they bubble up throughout the day. Don't worry about logging them
in any particular order. The important thing is to get them out of
your head, and onto the page.

### Bullet Journal Nesting Bullets

Nesting

Nesting Bullets can add some much needed color to your entries. For
example, nest Notes under an Event to capture important details. Nest
subtasks under the main Task to break things down into a series of
steps.

#### Bullet Journal Signifiers

Signifiers

Signifiers are symbols that give your entries additional context at a
glance. They're placed to the left of Bullets so they stick out,
making them easy to spot when scanning your pages. Here are two
useful examples, but feel free to come up with your own.

* = Priority: Used to mark the most important things on your list.
Use it sparingly. If everything is a priority, nothing is.

! = Inspiration: Great ideas, personal mantras, and genius insights
will never be misplaced again!

€ = Money: Track finance and budget; use the $ or other currency sign
if you wish.

### Bullet Journal Daily Log

Putting it together

Start by giving your page a short descriptive Topic. This clarifies
the purpose of the page and nature of its contents. In this example,
it's simply the day's date.

  25.10, Fri

Once that’s done, be sure to number the page. Page numbers will serve
to locate your content.

This example is known as the Daily Log. It's the workhorse of the
Bullet Journal, and one of the four main Collections.

### Bullet Journal Collections

Collections

BuJo is a modular framework. Each module, or Collection, serves to
organize related information. You can mix and match, customize, or
even create Collections to best suit your needs.

Let’s take a look at the four core Collections:

The Index, Future Log, Monthly Log, and the Daily Log.

### Bullet Journal Index

The Index

The Index lives at the front of your notebook, and serves to locate
content in your Bullet Journal. Simply add the Topics of your
Collections and their page numbers to the Index, so you can quickly
find them later.

Collections that span a series of consecutive spreads are indexed
like this: “Collection Topic: 5-10.”

Some Collections are recurring and can be spread throughout your
notebook. These Collections can be indexed as such:
“Collection Name: 5-10, 23, 34-39”

### Bullet Journal Future Log

The Future Log

This Collection is used to store dated entries that will occur
outside the current month. Provided is a simple six month template,
but there are many other creative templates for setting up your
Future Log.

Everything we task ourselves with is a potential experience. The
Future Log serves as your time machine, allowing you to glimpse the
outlines of the future you're actively working towards.

Tip: Each month, review your Future Log to see if anything can be
migrated into the new Monthly Log.

### The Bullet Journal Monthly Log

The Monthly Log

The Monthly Log is a spread of facing pages that consists of a
Calendar and a Task page.

The Calendar Page

This minimal calendar is designed to provide a birdseye view of the
month. You can use it to schedule Events and Tasks, record Events
after they happen, or both. Entries here should be as short as
possible, as this page is designed for reference only.

List the days of the month as numbers, with the date first, followed
by the first letter of the day of the week. Leave some space before
the number for signifiers.

The Task Page

This page is designed to help you take a monthly mental inventory
What are the priorities for the month? What remains undone from last
month? What matters now? Get it off your mind, and list it here.

Tip: Leave some room in the left margin of the page to add Signifiers
to mark important entries.

Tip: My monthly gets really long, so you can also spread it out over
multiple pages if necessary. Don't worry if you run out of space on
the current page. Just continue on the next free page and make a
reference to the page's number in your index.

### Bullet Journal Daily Log

Daily Log

The Daily Log is designed for day-to-day use. At the top of the page,
record the date as your topic. Throughout the course of the day,
simply Rapid Log your Tasks, Events, and Notes as they occur. If you
don’t fill a page, add the next date wherever you left off and you’re
ready to continue.

Tip: Don’t set up Daily Logs way ahead of time. Create them as you go
or the night before. You never know how much space you may need any
given day.

### Custom Bullet Journal Collections 

Custom Collections

The Bullet Journal is designed to become whatever you need it to be,
be it a fitness or fertility tracker, food log, diary, sketchbook
etc. You're encourage to design your own Custom Collections.

Figuring out what you need your Bullet Journal to be is an important
part of the process, a process that begins with regularly examining
how you're spending your time and energy. We form this habit through

### Migration

Bullet Journal Migration

Migration

    "There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently
     that which should not be done at all."
     – Peter Drucker

We lead busy lives, but being busy doesn't necessarily mean we're
being productive. Productive means that we're using our time wisely
by focusing on what matters. Monthly Migration helps us accomplish
this by weeding out distractions.

At the very end of each month, set up a new Monthly Log. Once that'sd
one, review the pages of the month gone by. Chances are, you didn't
get around to completing all your Tasks. That's fine! What's
important is figuring out which incomplete Tasks are worth your
limited time and energy moving forward. Strike out those that aren't,
and migrate the ones that are.

To Migrate a Task, simply turn the “•” into “>” to indicate that
you’ve moved that Task forward onto the Task Page of your new Monthly
Log or into an appropriate Collection. If you wrote down a book title
for example, you would migrate that entry into your "Books to Read"
Collection.

Once you've Migrated open Tasks, check your Future Log. See if any
Tasks or Events listed there have become current. If so, migrate
those entries from your Future Log into your new Monthly Log.

It may seem like a lot of effort to have to rewrite all these things,
but that’s intentional. This process makes you pause and consider
each item. If an entry isn’t even worth the effort to rewrite it,
then it’s probably not that important. Get rid of it. The purpose of
Migration is to surface what's worth the effort, become aware of our
actions, and to separate the signal from the noise. This is where
BuJo shifts from a system, into the practice...

EOF
